Get in!
Stop.
You know him?
He's my brother.
Brother? You have a brother?
You said
this place was a secret.
Why is he here?
How did he find us?
I'm trying to find out.
He's with Cormac?
What is he saying?
I'll explain everything later.
We'll fight. You and me.
He needs to know.
They followed him right to us.
We stay and fight.
- We need to leave.
- No.
Yen. open the door.
Right now. Yen.
You promised.
We'd stay and fight.
Together.
But there won't be
anything here for us.
This is our home.
Our home can be anywhere.
We're supposed to start a family.
Where are we going?
He's going to get us
out of here.
He's the reason
we're going to die.
I would have stayed
in that terrible. dirty
theater forever.
Winston is our only shot
at keeping us alive.
You should have let me kill him.
He saved us from them.
He brought them to us.
No.
It's my fault. Yen.
Where are you going?
To make sure your brother
didn't bring more people
to kill us.
Charlie's friend betrayed us.
Get us off this road.
You drive like shit.
You're going to be fine.
I love you.